Add a sentence on taps (#259)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

fall back to some other transport protocol. In the case of HTTP, this fallback
is TLS 1.3 over TCP.

The IETF TAPS specifications {{ID.ietf-taps-arch}} describe a system with a

> common API for multiple protocols and some of the implications of fall back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
common API for multiple protocols and some of the implications of fallback
```
